
In this project, I have used  classification methods such as K-nearest neighbors (K-NN) and Support Vector Machine (SVM) which is a supervised learning method to detect breast cancer. 
Wisconsin Diagnostic Breast Cancer (WDBC) dataset obtained by the university of Wisconsin Hospital is used to classify tumors as benign or malignant. #k- Nearest Neighbour (k-NN) classification technique: k-NN is a non- parametric method used for classification. In this classification, the output is a class membership. An object is classified by a majority vote of its neighbors, with the object being assigned to the class most common among its k nearest neighbors (k is a positive integer, typically small). If k = 1, then the object is simply assigned to the class of that single nearest neighbor. It is the simplest algorithm among all the machine learning algorithms. #Support Vector Machine (SVM) classification Technique: Support Vector Machine (SVM) is a supervised machine learning algorithm which can be used for both classification or regression challenges. However, it is mostly used in classification problems. In this algorithm, we plot each data item as a point in n-dimensional space (where n is number of features you have) with the value of each feature being the value of a particular coordinate. Then, we perform classification by finding the hyper-plane that differentiate the two classes very well

#Result
It can be seen that as the training data size increases, SVM performs better than kNN and has more accuracy. kNN is quite a good classifier but its performance depends on the value of k. It gives poor results for lower values of k and best results as the value of k increases. PCA is more sensitive to SVM than kNN . As the value of Principle Component (PC) is increased, SVM gives better results and accuracy score is more than kNN.
